Ah Qin Keren
Finally found you
The dragon sword on the seat must be real
I can bring his Unified Magic Sword
You are courting death hahaha
I heard that you are the chief big hand around Whale Cloud Dragon Lord
Now it seems that Qingyun Longjun is nothing more than that
Really?
The master has finally appeared
My brother is out
What are you talking about?
As expected of the Qingyun Dragon Army
Looks like we lost. Shut up
Wait until I fix it
Fight again tomorrow and get out of here
Master master
It's not good for the subordinates to protect today
Please also ask the master to punish
I don't blame you, the two of them together
Even I have to enter the dragon realm to go far
Look at your body, master
They also need to rest for a while in today's battle
Now I will hide the dragon realm from the world
For future use
I'm going to Guangzhou to recuperate for a while
Meet Mundy by the way
It's time.
It's time to think about what's going on between us